Update index.md with more generic replacer/reviver for BigInt (#30023)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/javascript/reference/global_objects/bigint/index.md

const stringified = JSON.stringify(data, replacer);

console.log(stringified);
// {"number":1,"big":{"$bigint":"18014398509481982"}}
```

If you have JSON data containing values you know will be large integers, you can use the [`reviver`](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/JSON/parse#using_the_reviver_parameter) parameter of `JSON.parse` to handle them:

```js
const reviver = (key, value) =>
  value !== null &&
  typeof value === "object" &&
  "$bigint" in value &&
  typeof value.$bigint === "string"
    ? BigInt(value.$bigint)
    : value;

const payload = '{"number":1,"big":{"$bigint":"18014398509481982"}}';
const parsed = JSON.parse(payload, reviver);

console.log(parsed);
// { number: 1, big: 18014398509481982n }
```

> > **Note:** While it's possible to make the replacer of `JSON.stringify()` generic and properly serialize BigInt values for all objects as shown above, the reviver of `JSON.parse()` must be specific to the payload shape you expect, because the serialization is _lossy_: it's not possible to distinguish between a string that represents a BigInt and a normal string.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** While it's possible to make the replacer of `JSON.stringify()` generic and properly serialize BigInt values for all objects as shown above, the reviver of `JSON.parse()` has to be used with caution, because the serialization is _lossy_: it's not possible to distinguish between an object that happens to have a property called `$bigint` and an actual BigInt.
```

>

> > In addition, the example above creates an entire object during replacing and reviving, which may have performance or storage implications for larger objects containing many BigInts. If you are only dealing with a few specific keys containing bigints, it may be better not to wrap the value and simply revive those specific keys.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> In addition, the example above creates an entire object during replacing and reviving, which may have performance or storage implications for larger objects containing many BigInts. If you are only dealing with a few specific keys containing BigInts, it may be better to just serialize them as strings and revive them based on the key's name instead.
```
